Default Program Flow:
1. New Order instance is created.
2. Items are added/reduced/removed from the order instance.
3. Order is saved.

QUESTION ONE: What exactly happens when the program first opens?
- It reads the file containing the list of MENU ITEMS and updates the global list in the application which contains
pairs of name and price.
- Then, a new instance of the order class is created.

QUESTION TWO: What exactly happpens when items are added/reduced/removed from the order instance?

- Each menu item has [+] OR [-] buttons associated with them. When a button is pressed, what happens?
Proposal 1:
I'll use an ORDER CLASS and an ITEM CLASS. The order class keeps a list of key-value pairs that is initially empty.

The KEY is the name of the menu item and the value is the count (ex. Hamburger - 3, which indicates 3 hamburgers).

There is a global list of names and prices.

When the add or subtract button associated to an item is pressed, a method in the ORDER CLASS named addCount and 
reduceCount is executed that utilizes the KEY of a menu item to add/reduce the count accordingly.

- I like this proposal, so we'll settle on it.

QUSETION THREE: What exactly happens when NEW MENU ITEMS are added to the program?
Proposal 1:
The details of the new menu item is saved in sqlite3. The details are:
(1) itemName
(2) price
(3) imagePath

The global list of names and prices are updated. UI is also updated.

QUESTION FOUR: What exactly happens when you DELETE MENU ITEMS?
Proposal 1:
Details of the menu item are deleted from the table. The image is also deleted from the Images file.

The global list of names and prices are updated. UI is also updated.

QUESTION FIVE: What happens when you finalize the order?
Proposal 1:
Details of the order are saved to a file using sqlite3. Specifically, these details are saved:
(1) - Order Number ID (INCREMENTED)
(2) - date
(3) - Total

Details of the items included in that order is saved to a DIFFERENT file using sqlite3. Each item is saved in its own row.
Specifically, these details are saved:
(1) - Order Item ID (INCREMENTED)
(2) - name
(3) - price
(4) - count OR quantity
(5) - order_id foreignkey

QUESTION SIX: What happens when we open up the HISTORY page?
Proposal 1:
A table will be created, where the columns would be:
Date - Order ID/Num - Item 1 Count - ... - Item N Count - Total

Where N is the total number of items in the menu.

Proposal 2:
Same as Proposal 1, but with the added function of sorting by the day, week, and month.